[Feedbacksystem] Improve documentation (#23)
thm-mni-ii/helm-charts: charts/feedbacksystem/README.md

| digitalClassroom.enabled           | Should the Container be Enabled                    | true                             |
| digitalClassroom.config.jwtSecret  | The Used JWT Secret for the Digital Classroom      | 2edb8793d987389e1626918e0ec1dbee |
| digitalClassroom.config.secret     | Secret used to interact with the Digital Classroom | 1f2a08f5dbd81580a6fb0f645dce3737 |
| digitalClassroom.config.bbb.url    | Url to the BigBlueButton Sever that should be used | https://bbb.example.org          |
| digitalClassroom.config.bbb.secret | Secret for the Configured BigBlueButton Server     | 1234                             |

#### Mysql

| Parameter                       | Description                            | Default   |
| ------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- | --------- |
| mysql.auth.database             | The name of the Database               | fbs       |
| mysql.auth.username             | The name of the Database User          | fbs       |
| mysql.auth.password             | The Password of the Database User      | fbs       |
| mysql.auth.rootPassword         | The Password of the Database Root User | root      |

> | mysql.primray.existingConfigmap | **TODO**                               | CHANGE-ME |

Author: @Zitrone44 I didn't know exactly what this configuration was for, can you add a description here?

> | Parameter                       | Description                            | Default   |
> | ------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- | --------- |
> | mysql.auth.database             | The name of the Database               | fbs       |
> | mysql.auth.username             | The name of the Database User          | fbs       |
> | mysql.auth.password             | The Password of the Database User      | fbs       |
> | mysql.auth.rootPassword         | The Password of the Database Root User | root      |
> | mysql.primray.existingConfigmap | **TODO**                               | CHANGE-ME |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Parameter                       | Description                                         | Default   |
| ------------------------------- |:--------------------------------------------------- | --------- |
| mysql.auth.database             | The name of the Database                            | fbs       |
| mysql.auth.username             | The name of the Database User                       | fbs       |
| mysql.auth.password             | The Password of the Database User                   | fbs       |
| mysql.auth.rootPassword         | The Password of the Database Root User              | root      |
| mysql.primray.existingConfigmap | The name of an existing ConfigMap containg `my.cnf` | CHANGE-ME |
```

#### Runner Mysql

| Parameter                             | Description                            | Default   |
| ------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- | --------- |
| runnerMysql.auth.database             | The name of the Database               | fbs       |
| runnerMysql.auth.username             | The name of the Database User          | fbs       |
| runnerMysql.auth.password             | The Password of the Database User      | fbs       |
| runnerMysql.auth.rootPassword         | The Password of the Database Root User | root      |

> | runnerMysql.primray.existingConfigmap | **TODO**                               | CHANGE-ME |

Author: @Zitrone44 I didn't know exactly what this configuration was for, can you add a description here?

> | Parameter                             | Description                            | Default   |
> | ------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- | --------- |
> | runnerMysql.auth.database             | The name of the Database               | fbs       |
> | runnerMysql.auth.username             | The name of the Database User          | fbs       |
> | runnerMysql.auth.password             | The Password of the Database User      | fbs       |
> | runnerMysql.auth.rootPassword         | The Password of the Database Root User | root      |
> | runnerMysql.primray.existingConfigmap | **TODO**                               | CHANGE-ME |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Parameter                             | Description                                         | Default   |
| ------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- | --------- |
| runnerMysql.auth.database             | The name of the Database                            | fbs       |
| runnerMysql.auth.username             | The name of the Database User                       | fbs       |
| runnerMysql.auth.password             | The Password of the Database User                   | fbs       |
| runnerMysql.auth.rootPassword         | The Password of the Database Root User              | root      |
| runnerMysql.primray.existingConfigmap | The name of an existing ConfigMap containg `my.cnf` | CHANGE-ME |
```
